= The City Plaza WordPress Plugin

It is possible to pull church needs, topics, events, prayers and albums from the Plaza so that you can use them within your WordPress site.

Data pulled from The City is by default cached for 1 day (24 hours) so that subsequent requests are faster. 


== Requirements
PHP >= 5.3

iconv: http://php.net/manual/en/book.iconv.php


== Installation

Install from within WordPress:

Go to Plugins => Add New => search for "the city plaza".


Install manually:

1. Unzip the file you downloaded.
2. Upload files to a 'the-city-plaza' folder in the '/wp-content/plugins/' directory.
3. Log into your WordPress admin and activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu.
4. In the widgets screen drag the widget to the content section you want it to show up in.
5. Set the fields as shown and then save.



== Screenshots

Here is the link to the description of the plugin:
http://developer.onthecity.org/thecity-plugins/wordpress-plaza/



== The City PHP Library

This project uses the Plaza API wrapper
https://github.com/thecity/thecity-plaza-php


If you clone this repo then make sure to do the following afterward:
  git submodule init
  git submodule update


== TheCity API docs

http://wiki.acstechnologies.com/display/TheCity/The+Plaza+JSON+API



== Contributing

If you want to help out fork the project and send me a pull request.  

You can also send me feature requests by creating a ticket
(https://github.com/thecity/thecity-plaza-wordpress/issues)


== License

This plugin is released under the MIT license. Please contact weshays
(http://github.com/weshays) for any questions.
